Acknowledge for_each use in toset docs (#31721)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/functions/toset.mdx

> Explicit type conversions are rarely necessary in Terraform because it will
> convert types automatically where required. Use the explicit type conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicit type conversions are rarely necessary in Terraform because it converts types automatically where required. Use the explicit type conversion
```

Suggest changing "will convert" to "converts" to avoid future tense.

> functions only to normalize types returned in module outputs, or in the

Reviewer 2: Hi @threemachines! Sorry for the lull here, but I'm picking this back up and had a small suggestion for a rephrase:
```suggestion
functions only to normalize types returned in module outputs. If you want to normalize module output types from `toset`, see the [`for_each` meta-argument](/language/meta-arguments/for_each#using-sets).
```

Reviewer 2: Apologies for my delay here, thank you for your response! Upon a second glance, I mainly want to break this into two sentences to separate the thought out. How does this feel to you? 
```suggestion
functions only to normalize types returned in module outputs. You can also convert output types from `toset` with the [`for_each` meta-argument](/language/meta-arguments/for_each#using-sets).
```

> particular case of `toset`, with

Reviewer 2: (if you like my above suggestion we would remove this line)
```suggestion
```

> [the `for_each` meta-argument](/language/meta-arguments/for_each#using-sets).

Reviewer 2: (if you like my above suggestion we would remove this line)
```suggestion
```

> Pass a _list_ value to `toset` to convert it to a set, which will remove any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a _list_ value to `toset` to convert it to a set, which removes any
```

Suggest changing "will remove" to "removes" to avoid future tense.
